Akamai waf event collector missing and duplicated events issue (#35350)
demisto/content: Packs/Akamai_SIEM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Akamai WAF SIEM

> - Fixed an issue where the **fetch-events** flow created duplications & missing events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue were the ***fetch-events*** command caused duplications and missing events.
```
